[narrator] For eons.
there was only silence.
[gentle music]
Love was the first creation.
With it came life.
and then. humankind.
Through life and death. they
looked to the heavens
and discovered
Genesis is eternal.
[narrator chuckles]
Hope was born.
From the darkness
comes the light.
And all things are possible...
...if you believe.
[gentle music swells]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[gentle music continues]
[gears clanking]
[gentle music fades]
[man] Who's your buddy?
Who's your buddy?
-[dog whines]
-Who's your buddy? That's right.
Who's your buddy?
[dog grumbles]
-Way to be. Hansen. Way to be.
-[commentator] And it's a foul.
Seven million dollars
not to get any hits.
Great pickup
by the front office.
Really takin' this team places.
[commentator]
Fourth-year rookie who was a
second draft pick overall.
[television drones indistinctly]
[papers rustling]
[chair creaks]
-[commentator] Bat is swung.
Ball is hit and...
-[man] Hey!
-[commentator] Going. going.
-We got a hit. We got a hit.
-It is out of the park.
-[man] He got us a hit.
-[dog grumbles]
-We got a hit.
-[reporter] I am inside
[indistinct]
-[chuckle]
...where we have a few
dedicated folks
boning up on their astronomy.
[man] Teresa. we got any more of
that lasagna left?
This is something
that the entire world...
Bud. we just ate.
You can't
still be hungry.
Yeah. Grandpa. you can't still
be hungry.
-What are you lookin' for?
-[door slams]
The meaning of life.
You're not gonna find it there.
[man] No. I'm just checking to
see if there's enough
for my lunch tomorrow.
Oh. you did a great job
with dinner tonight. sweets.
Yeah. it was better
than your grandma's.
-I learned from the best.
-[man] I know you did. sweetie.
You know. if anything ever
happens to me.
I have written all my granny's
secret recipes in a diary.
She always said that was the
most valuable thing
she brought out of Italy.
I know. I know. Nana.
You keep it locked up
under your mattress.
I promise you her secrets are
safe with me.
You-- You can tease me
all you want.
but your generation doesn't know
anything about ancestors.
Huh. when I die. so will all
our family traditions.
Okay. that's not fair.
I was the only girl in my class.
and you had to butcher a hog
and make sausages.
All right.
There's hope for humanity.
Did I hear somebody say
something about sausages?
-[girl] Yeah.
-Could you make some tomorrow?
Yeah. We'll do 'em up
just for you. Bud.
Thank you. sweetie... very much.
[reporter] Be careful not to
look too early or too late.
And. as you know. an eclipse
such as this one.
you will be able to look
directly at it
as the moon will be
in front of the sun.
Uh. so basically. what's gonna
happen next...
Oh. I gotta get that
washin' before it rains.
-[girl] I'll get it.
-Thank you. sweetie.
[reporter] ...very interesting.
If you look up here.
this diagram of the planets
is actually a good
representation
of what will happen tomorrow
morning in the occultation.
Uh. now. I do love that word.
occultation. It sounds like a
death metal
band or something. doesn't it?
It's wonderful.
-[insects chirping]
-[grass rustling]
As you may know. uh. an eclipse
generally lasts on
average about seven minutes.
[dial clicks]
[baseball game droning]
[electricity zapping]
[curious music]
[metallic clinking]
[curious music swells]
[music continues]
[music turns wondrous]
[clinking]
[light switch clicks]
[wondrous music continues]
I found this outside.
Is it yours?
No. sweetheart.
Oh. my.
It's beautiful.
Where'd you find it?
I found it out by the well.
[commentators on TV
indistinctly]
It must have long been buried
by some little girl.
All it needs is a cleaning.
[sighs]
Be damned having faith
in that boy.
[Teresa] Bud. please.
[girl] Losing. Grandpa?
[laughs]
No. honey. we're. uh--
we're up by two points. but...
...hell. with our pitchin'.
that ain't enough.
You know. there's two boys at
your high school could
do better.
they're a bunch of flabby
chickens. oughta fire
the lot of 'em.
Don't worry. Bud.
the season's not over.
[sighs] I am worried.
[soft song playing]
I'm worried about you. Teresa.
I'm worried about Aisling.
-[Teresa] Bud.
-Whole damn country.
whole world's goin' to hell.
ain't nobody doin' nothin'
about it.
Damn weather doesn't know
whether it wants to shit. burp.
or fart.
don't know what to plant.
-Bud.
-What?
It's been a long day.
It's time to curb the cussin'
and stop the carryin' on.
[music continues]
I will curb the cussin'.
But I can't quit
from carryin' on.
[sighs]
I'm going to bed.
Oh?
-[kiss]
-Goodnight. Nana.
Night... Grandpa. [smooches]
[Bud] Nighty night.
Hey.
There's nothing botherin' you?
No.
-Nothin'.
-What are you talking about.
woman?
What could be wrong?
Aisling's got everything
she needs.
Ain't that right. honey?
Yes. Grandpa.
See? Told you so.
Hey. um.
Joe's comin' by tomorrow
with a couple of squeezes
of alfalfa.
I'll make sure
it's put up in the barn.
Night.
Now I'm gettin'
the hot flashes. [chuckles]
You're a worry-wart.
-Yes. I am.
-Mm-hmm.
I have to worry about you.
ya big old bear.
Yes. you are. Come on.
-Where?
-[Teresa] No. come on.
-Trust me.
-Oh. no.
Trust you?
Last time I trusted you.
-you know what happened.
-[Teresa laughs]
[music continues]
Guys. these negotiations have
been dragging on for months.
It's been a year
since my father died.
We need to settle this now.
I'm still not seeing the number
that I'm looking for. Ken.
I have other obligations
in Italy.
Well. then you should go back.
I love Italy.
It's beautiful.
Its history is amazing.
The Roman Empire gave us law.
medicine. politics.
But the greatest achievement
of all is right here.
Architecture.
And we will take care
of the place.
Accept our offer.
it's our best and final.
Give us a moment.
This guy. [scoffs]
[exhales]
You know. there was a day
when the Chateau
was one of a kind.
My dad and my grandfather knew
that most people couldn't afford
to go to Italy
to see the real Colosseum.
So they built the Chateau.
They were visionaries.
They were ahead of their time.
but they were also
hopeless romantics.
And I have to keep
my feet on the ground.
He has a number in his head.
And we gotta go up.
I'm talking up 15. 20%.
Can we do that?
[characters speaking
in foreign language]
Okay. No more than 20%.
Okay. here we go. Watch me work.
[man] And no one knows
this place exists.
They'd rather go to Vegas.
Your grandfather said that
Italy was the heart
and soul of civilization.
and that America was this...
new undiscovered world
where you could share
a little bit of your heart
without losing your soul.
Josh...
...this was their
heart and soul.
And now it's yours.
-[alarm buzzing]
-[bars rattling and thudding]
-[thunder rumbles]
-[keys rattling]
[guard] Lights out.
[thunder rumbles]
[thunder rumbles in distance]
[inhales. then exhales]
[thunder rumbles]
[door creaks]
-[door clicks]
-[computer ringing]
-[computer beeps]
-[chuckles]
-Hey.
Oh. my God.
It's so good to see you.
-I know. How are you doing?
-I'm good.
You're up late.
-Yeah. I just got home.
-[chuckles]
Of course you did.
You must be drunk.
Oh. my God.
No... Maybe.
Oh. tell me everything.
How's London?
[woman]
Oh. my God. it's amazing.
But I so wish
that you were here.
[Aisling] Oh. so do I.
When are you coming
to visit me?
Um...
I don't know.
Soon. I hope.
Yeah. I-- I don't believe you.
Lyd. you know I wanna be there.
It's just...
I can't just abandon
my grandparents.
Ash. all that you're gonna do
is you're gonna come
and visit me
and we're gonna have fun.
Lyd. you don't understand.
I'm managing pretty much
everything now.
[Lyd] I'm sure that they'd
be willing
to give you a break.
They've got no one else.
[door knocking]
I've gotta go.
Okay. I really miss you. Ash.
[Aisling] I really miss you too.
I'm sorry.
Call me again soon. okay?
Okay. I love you.
[Aisling] I love you. Bye.
[smooches]
Bye.
[computer beeps]
-Come in.
-[door creaks open]
Hey. sorry to interrupt.
It's okay. [sniffles]
Was that Lydia? How is she?
She's doing great.
You miss her.
It's strange
not having her around.
What is it. honey?
She wants me to visit.
Oh.
I think that's a wonderful idea.
-You do?
-Mm.
I thought you'd be upset.
No. Why would I be upset?
Well. I haven't been
that far away since--
Well. I know. I know.
I know. I know.
I want to travel.
I want to see the world.
[chuckles]
[Teresa] Oh...
We have never
wanted to stop you.
As I recall.
we encouraged you to go
to college outta state.
or to do that study
abroad program with Lydia.
I know.
I stopped me.
Yeah...
Ever since
mom and dad died. I've--
I've been afraid.
[light chuckle]
Afraid to leave the farm.
to leave you and grampy. and...
[gentle music]
I feel like
I have this hole in my heart
I can't fix.
I just wanna feel normal.
I will never forget the day
you came to live with us.
We were still in shock.
We were never gonna see
our daughter again.
And there you were...
...like your mother
in so many ways.
But with that sweet
little Irish lilt. [chuckles]
you made us smile every time
you said. "Good morning."
[music continues]
You have been our miracle.
You have saved us
from our grief.
But... just like we had to keep
living our lives without them.
you're gonna have to start
living yours without us.
Sooner or later.
Please go.
Don't worry.
What if things
don't work out for me?
Yeah. well. life can be
scary sometimes...
...but if you don't take risks.
you'll never be happy.
[music continues]
-[moans softly. then sighs]
-I love you so much.
-I love you.
-Mm-hmm.
[kiss]
-[door clicks]
-[sighs]
[music fades]
[pendant jingles]
[gentle dramatic music]
[music continues]
-[gentle music continues]
-[book thuds]
[pages rustling]
[sighs]
[sobs]
-[music intensifies]
-[wind howling]
[rumble]
[music swells]
Help me. please.
I can't do this on my own.
[music continues]
[sobbing and weeping]
[wind howling]
[dog panting]
[music swells]
[music turns ominous]
[music continues]
[indistinct clicking]
Relax.
I did test it.
You did?
[doors click open]
[rattle]
[music continues]
[small engine revving]
Alright. steady now.
[mechanism whirs and thuds]
[soft whirring]
[music continues]
[whirring]
Stop.
-Stopping.
-[whirring stops]
I am really curious what's gonna
happen when I flip this switch.
I thought you tested it?
[flips switch]
[electricity zaps]
-[sighs] Wow.
-Look at that.
-[electricity zapping]
-[mechanism whirring]
[gravel rustling]
-[metal clinks]
-[alarm blares]
[dog barking]
[alarm continues blaring]
[music intensifies]
[dog barking]
[guard on speakers]
Stop! Don't move!
We'll shoot to kill. I repeat.
We'll shoot to kill.
-[music continues]
-[dog barking]
Stop. don't move.
-We'll shoot to kill.
-[engine starts]
I repeat.
we will shoot to kill.
-[gravel rustling]
-[guns firing]
-[dog barking]
Leave him.
I can't.
Come on!
[guns continue firing]
[glass shatters]
[dog barking]
[sirens wailing]
[all laughing and whooping]
-[sirens wailing]
-[alarm blaring]
[man]
Their offer is more than fair.
[music fades]
What would your father say?
[Josh] Don't.
Stop making this about you.
Look man. you're being selfish.
Joshua.
You'll regret this.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
Look. Josh. go somewhere.
Clear your head. man.
Take your time.
You-- You're thinking
emotional on this.
You don't have to make
a decision
right now. Josh. Listen. ma--
No. I'm done.
Make sure they match my offer.
[thunder rumbles]
-[door slams]
-[engine starts]
[dispatcher]
Adam star 119. affirmative.
Formation pursuit.
Tujunga Bridge.
Suspects not in range.
-[helicopter chopping]
-[dispatcher 2] Adam 119.
Echo star formation pursuit
confirmed.
All units on the ground.
proceed with caution.
[dispatchers chat indistinctly]
[sirens wailing]
Adam 119. echo star roger.
All units continue street
search on 15th.
14th. and 13th street
off Tujunga Bridge.
[dispatcher indistinct]
13th. 14th and 15th street.
[dispatcher 2]
Adam 119. echo star roger.
responding.
Remain on channel two.
[dramatic music]
[engine stops]
[music continues]
[door shuts]
[zipping]
-[bag thuds]
-[unzipping]
[music continues]
So... how much
is this job worth?
Five.
-What is it?
-[match ignites]
Running stones to Venezuela.
Split is 20% for the two of you.
The rest for me.
Oh... Wait. why?
Our cut's usually 40%.
That's the way it is.
Soon as we hit the tarmac in
Caracas. we get our money.
and go our separate ways.
What do you mean? Like for good?
Yeah. Yeah. for good.
Look man. I know you took the
fall for on that last one--
That's right. I did.
And that's not happening again.
If you're smart. this money
will last you a long time
and go a long way.
Yeah. and after that?
-[man] It's not my problem.
-[door shuts]
We are too connected.
And you are too distracted.
Hey. just 'cause gambling Sam
here can't handle Vegas.
it don't mean I gotta get
stiffed on this.
You?
You're only here because he's
too stupid to realize how much
of a liability you are.
I don't like you.
And I don't trust you.
He wants you here.
he's gonna pay you out of his.
You don't like that.
the road is that way.
Would you just be cool. man?
You know how he is. I told you.
Just don't rub him
the wrong way.
Without him. what do we got?
What do you got?
Why don't he like me. huh?
Huh? I'm a standup guy.
Huh? I'm a standup guy!
Yeah. you're a standup guy.
I'll talk to him. Schmuck.
Come on. Pete.
I'm in trouble. man.
Okay? I got debts. man.
They will not
let me walk this time.
Yeah. I know.
Look... I'll handle it.
I promise her
I'd look out for you
and that's what I'm gonna do.
Set you up in a
new country. new life.
But if you mess that up...
...I'll kill you myself.
Great.
Get in the car. man.
[helicopters chopping]
[match ignites]
[doors shut]
[engines rev]
-[fire roaring]
-[door closes]
[engine revs]
[dispatcher chatters
indistinctly]
[dispatcher] Copy 1500.
[car explodes]
[metal crashing]
-[sirens wailing]
-[dispatchers chattering]
[dramatic music]
[helicopter chopping]
[music continues]
[thunder rumbling]
-[clock ticking]
-[bell chiming]
[dog whimpers]
[thunder rumbles in distance]
[thunder continues rumbling]
[music fades]
[music box playing gently]
[thunder rumbles in distance]
[music box music settles]
[light dramatic music]
[thunder rumbling]
[thunder continues rumbling]
[music continues]
[music swells]
[thunder booming]
[object whooshing]
[music continues]
[object roars overhead]
[engine revs]
-[car crashes]
-[metal rattling]
[metallic jingling]
-[thunder rumbling]
-[toys jingling]
[music continues]
[object crashing]
[dog whimpers]
[door clicks open]
[music continues]
[music fades]
[owl hoots]
[car door shuts]
-[owl hooting]
-[crickets chirping]
[thunder rumbles in distance]
[car revs intensely]
[engine humming]
Cut the engine.
[engine rumbling]
[engine cuts]
[door clicks open]
[doors shut]
[gentle. dramatic music]
[music continues]
[clock whirring and ticking]
[clock bell dings]
[music continues]
[deep thud]
[music fades]
[man] Good evening. Aisling.
No. no. Don't be alarmed.
I mean you no harm.
Good Lord.
Just look at the green.
I must have been on this planet
a trillion times at least.
And I'm-- I'm always overwhelmed
by the sheer beauty
of this place.
You have no idea
how fortunate you are.
-Who are you?
-[man] You know who I am.
I am Raphael.
Archangel of Providence.
How does it go now? Ah. yes!
When you seek divine counsel
to guide you on which path
to take along the road of life.
you call upon me.
And some element of my towering
presence will enter your
heart and mind and guide
and comfort you.
At least that's what it says
in the book.
The truth of the matter is.
since Vatican II.
the job description has expanded
exponentially.
That's a bit of an in joke...
[laughing]
...but I find it very funny.
Hm.
Ah...
We've been waiting
for a long time...
...for you to make your wish.
And tonight. at last. you did.
Remember?
-[inhaling deeply]
-Please...
...don't scream...
...for I will show you
something wondrous.
[gentle. dramatic music]
[exhales]
[wind whooshing]
[sizzling]
[music continues]
Give me your hand.
[sniffling]
-It feels alive.
-[Raphael] Yes.
Well. that is
because it is alive.
Though. it's not life
as you know it.
Aisling. this is your time.
Right now. tonight. all the
elements have come together.
And that is not as easy
as you might imagine.
And it is certainly not random.
But I warn you. before your wish
can be fulfilled.
you may have to make a choice
that may be the most important
one of your life.
Do you understand?
I'm--
I'm too old to believe.
[nervous chuckle]
Oh. Aisling.
I am as old as time.
I believe. And you believe too.
in your heart of hearts.
You know what's in my heart.
Of course I do.
I have read the book on you.
the up-to-date version.
Would you like a copy?
[scoffs] Everything?
[Raphael]
Everything from day one.
Makes sensational reading.
But don't worry.
your secrets
are safe with me.
Ah. yes.
[pendant jingles]
Your beautiful mother always
wanted you to have this.
Now. this is just for you.
No one else must
see it or touch it.
Because if they do. things get
very. very complicated.
[music swells]
There.
[music continues]
[electricity zaps]
Are you ready?
Then run!
[gun firing]
Get the car.
[music continues]
[Aisling] I thought angels
were supposed to have wings.
I do. You don't. yet.
[engine roaring]
[car thuds]
[gun clicks]
[panting]
Come. come!
[music continues]
-[tires screech]
-What's wrong with you people?
-Are you insane?
-Please help us!
Get in the car. get in the car.
-[tires screeching]
-[Pete] Move!
[man] Did you see
what I just did?
-[Pete] Shut up!
-[engine roars]
[music continues]
Guys. guys!
[engines roaring]
[gun firing]
-[glass shatters]
-[laughs]
"Love is the big boss.
At whose side forever slouches.
the shadow of the gunman."
-[gun firing]
-[engine roaring]
[glass shatters]
Hey. stop shooting.
We can't let them get away.
Pete.
-Not now.
-[gun clicks]
Aim for their tires.
[music continues]
Whoa. whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
[screams]
[tires screech]
[cars thud]
-[engines roaring]
-[metal thudding]
-[cars thudding]
-[tires screeching]
[laughing]
You know. I once rode
with Scorpus the charioteer.
Gifted boy. "O Rome.
I am Scorpus.
the glory of your noisy circus.
The object of your applause.
-Your short-lived favorite."
-You done?
[chuckles] Yes. Yes. I'm done.
But I can give you some more.
-No. no. no. no. no. We're--
-All good. then.
-[engines roaring]
-[cars thud]
[music continues]
[engines roaring]
-[cars thudding]
-[music continues]
[Raphael] Ahhh!
Don't let go!
Why would I want to let go?
Why don't we try it?
-No. no. no!
-No!
[Raphael laughing]
Wee!
[engine roaring]
Come on! Now!
I said--
Come on!
-Come on. come on!
-[Aisling yells]
-[car door crashes]
-[pieces clinking]
[horn blares]
[tires screeching]
-[music continues]
-[engine roaring]
-[tires screeching]
-[horn blaring]
[car brakes]
We've lost 'em.
For the time being.
[wind howling]
[laughing and clapping]
What's so funny?
What's so funny? Huh?
Life is funny. Life.
[laughing]
[music fades]
[Josh] Freddy! Freddy!
[dock rattles]
[car door closes]
-What happened?
-Don't ask.
We need to get across now.
Call the cops.
tell them there's
three armed men on their way
to the pier.
Call the Chateau security.
Have him alert the special
guard unit now.
Yes sir.
-What the hell do they want?
-You really want to know?
I really. really wanna know.
Yes.
A star.
[Josh] A star?
A wishing star to be exact.
You see that
little group up there
Antares. Sirius. Aldebaran.
Regulus. and Arcturus?
Yeah. I see 'em.
What about them?
Well. Levitus is missing.
-Levitus?
-Levitus.
Not there. Missing.
Levitus is a blue star.
Blue stars are wishing stars.
The men who are chasing us
want Levitus.
-You're a comedian. aren't you?
-No.
but WC Fields told me a cracking
good story yesterday.
-Would you like to hear it?
-WC Fields is dead.
Ah. nobody's perfect.
Bah-boom.
-[light chuckle]
-Just-- I-- I'm serious.
Just tell me. who are you?
I am an angel.
Actually I'm an archangel.
My name is Raphael. and I want
to thank you personally
-for all your efforts so far.
-Ah. you-- you--
You're-- You're very.
very. very welcome.
Oh. no. no. no.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Isn't-- Isn't your name Virgil?
Yeah. 'Cause. you know what?
I kinda feel like I'm hovering
above the nine circles of hell
right about now.
Well. if you know your Dante.
you know what comes after hell.
Purgatory.
Great. Great.
Followed by paradise. naturally.
Oh. naturally. Of course.
Naturally.
[gentle. dramatic music]
-Freddy. let's go.
-Yes. sir.
[giggles]
What a beautiful night. eh?
Beautiful. beautiful.
Don't frown at me like that.
[music continues]
I'm going to sit here.
And when you're ready.
you can come and join me.
Oh. did you see that?
That tiny little meteorite.
[light chuckle] You know.
he has been whizzing
around looking for a place to
land for so many millions
of years.
I'm glad he finally made it.
[sighs]
[music continues]
[door slams]
[breathing heavily]
[inhales sharply]
[exhales]
Okay.
This is not happening.
This... is not happening.
[sighs]
You're okay. [sniffles]
You're okay.
[engine roaring]
[music fades]
[pier rattling]
[man] We had them. Pete.
They were right there.
And you let them go.
We h--
[punch thuds]
Are you really that stupid?
Every cop within a hundred miles
is looking for us.
You-- You really think those
shots won't be reported?
-What about this one?
-All right. man.
Yeah. yeah. man. I get it.
I told you
to aim for their tires.
-They are no good to me dead.
-I said I get it!
-[man 2] Come on. Pete.
-You shut your mouth!
Stand up.
One more time...
...and I will end you.
You get that?
[gun clicks]
Oh. yeah.
Hide the car. Now.
What about the job?
It can wait.
So-- so what?
So we can go chase shiny lights?
It's more than that.
Pete. Seriously.
what are we doing here?
Whatever it is...
...it's important.
Yeah.
So is the promise
you made my sister.
I remember. Martin.
I remember.
Sorry. Pete.
[stutters lightly]
We-- we don't even know
what that is.
It could be completely
worthless.
Maybe...
...maybe not.
Come on.
Get in the boat.
[water lapping gently]
I hope you know
what you're doing.
I do.
There is a reason for everything
that has happened
and everything that will happen.
So my advice to you is hope
for the best. Expect the worst.
[laughs]
[hands rubbing]
Please. Can you. uh...
...just be serious for a minute?
Aisling...
...every great achiever has had
to overcome difficulties.
Moses.
Martin Luther King.
Mother Teresa.
they all had to overcome
enormous difficulties.
Right.
And you knew them all.
I suppose.
Oh. yes. I did.
Marvelous people.
I envy you.
I'd give anything to have
one of your adventures.
Aisling.
This is one of my adventures.
And. uh. what if this was...
all a mistake?
Oh. dear. That sounds
very much like guilt.
Well. maybe it is.
I mean. I could have done
something good with my wish.
How do you know
that you have not done
something
wonderful with your wish?
[Aisling] Well. it doesn't feel
very wonderful.
Besides. this isn't exactly
what I wished for.
[Raphael] Oh. yes. it is.
You wished for the courage
to live your life.
This is your life. Aisling.
Live it and live it to the full.
What if I want to
change my wish?
Can I do that?
Aisling. your wish is tied up
with the eclipse.
which is taking place.
But I have to tell you that if
you do change your wish...
...then you change your future.
And not just your
material future.
You change all the relationships
with those people...
...whose hearts you have touched
and who have touched your heart.
So be very careful
what you wish for.
Can you bring them back?
No. Aisling.
I cannot bring back your
mother and your father.
That's something we don't do.
But if you do want to change
your wish. all I have to do
is adjust my watch.
My...
...very special watch.
which connects...
past. present and future.
And which I appear
to have dropped. So no.
I cannot change
your wish. right all.
-Great.
-Oh. don't. don't. don't--
Don't worry about this.
[sighs] Just. where did I-- Ah!
I dropped it by the tree.
[light chuckle]
We better go back
and pick it up.
[sighs]
Are they okay?
[gentle music]
They are more than okay.
They are in heavenly bliss.
And one day. I promise you...
...you will see them again.
[gentle music]
Raphael...
...what's it like up there?
Oh. Aisling. It is...
...everything that
you could wish for.
and much. much more.
[music turns bright]
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
[Aisling] Fine.
I really am... sorry.
[sighs] I never meant
for any of this to happen.
I'm Giacomo.
my friends call me Joshua.
Aisling.
But everyone calls me Aisling.
Aisling. So. uh. what-- what
planet are you from again? Uh...
Levitus. Arcturus. eh. or one--
I know he sounds kind of crazy.
-but...
-[light scoff]
...he's a good man.
So you're gonna tell me
the truth about
why those guys were chasing you?
I wish I could.
-[music continues]
-[light scoff]
Have you ever been
to the Chateau?
[Aisling]
No. It seems beautiful.
Is that where we're going?
That's where we're going.
-You work there?
-Uh...
[stutters]
It's a long story.
My favorite kind.
Well...
...my great-grandfather.
Francesco Taralo de Ferla.
Prince of Ficcara-
You're an Italian prince?
-[light chuckle]
-Well. not legitimately.
Uh. my--
my grandfather wasn't considered
a rightful heir.
so he was given no title.
no money. Nothing.
And. uh. my grandfather
came here with nothing more
but his ambition to succeed.
And he built the Chateau.
My father inherited it.
And I'm about to...
...lose it.
Oh-- Why?
People's tastes
changed and we didn't.
Well. that's too bad.
There's nothing you can do?
No.
Do you--
do you hear that music?
[light chuckle]
[bright gentle music]
It's Puccini's "Turandot."
[light chuckle]
My mom was singing this opera
the night
my parents met in Verona.
[music continues]
[light chuckle]
[footsteps shuffling]
[music turns bright]
[tinkling]
[music continues]
[gentle tinkling]
[chimes ringing]
[music continues]
Welcome to the Chateau.
-Hey Rick. how are ya?
-[Rick] Oh. I'm all right.
Thank you for asking.
and-- and you?
-I'm good.
-[Rick] I hear you've had
an interesting evening.
Yeah. and it's not over yet.
I understand.
[Raphael] Ah. what a
charming little place.
[music continues]
The Chateau was voted
number one hotel
in the world.
three years straight.
Unfortunately. that was a...
few decades ago.
[Raphael] Psyche being revived
by Love's kiss.
Beautiful. Isn't it?
Actually. not my taste.
but this...
...now. this is
truly spectacular.
[music turns majestic]
Oh. look at my old friend.
the Cardinal there painted
by my namesake Raphael.
[sigh]
Ah... Renoir.
Yes. I remember
that day at the seaside.
Oh. he loved those red lips.
Oh. Lucas Cranach.
Yes. uh.
Cupid complaining to Venus.
-And Titiano!
-Tiziano!
-[chuckles] Tiziano.
-Tiziano.
Titian.
T-- Tiziano.
Ah. Titian!
The Venus of Urbino.
He used that model often.
you know.
They were very close.
[chuckles]
Very close.
Oh. Raphael. again.
The Goldfinch.
-Diotalevi.
-Ah.
-Good evening. sir.
-Hi. Marie. Any messages?
Uh. yes. the kitchen manager
wants to know when
you'll be free
to discuss the new menu.
Eh-- Tomorrow morning.
And. uh.
the keys to the boutique?
-Ah. yes. of course.
-Thank you.
[keys jingle]
-Any other messages?
-No. sir.
-Anything else?
-[Marie] Mm-mm.
[gentle music]
[Josh]
Girl With The Pearl Earring.
[Raphael] Yes.
You know. she was far more
beautiful in real life.
You do realize
that these are originals.
[chuckles]
-Very funny.
-[chuckling] It is. isn't it?
It is. [laughs]
Yes. it is very funny.
Now. listen.
why don't you
two go and fi-- find--
find her something
to wear. you know?
And in the meantime.
I'm gonna sit here
in this chair that I last saw...
...in the reading room...
...of King Ludvig II of Bavaria.
Dear old Ludo.
mad as a sack full of weasels.
-But what an artistic soul.
-[woman] Joshua!
Oh. shit.
Joshua. where have you been
keeping yourself?
You promised to call.
I know. Zelda.
I have been very busy.
[Zelda chuckles]
-How are you?
-Very lonely.
-Marie. dogs!
-Yet. somehow. I find that
-hard to believe.
-You're terrible. Alright.
so I haven't been lonely.
What am I supposed to do?
Wait for you forever?
I missed you.
Come on. let's go dancing.
Let's go dancing.
-[Josh] I can't. I-- I've got--
-Take me dancing. please.
Zelda. I can't.
I have work to do.
She's not really
your type now. is she?
I mean. she's rather blah.
don't you think?
-[chuckles]
-I'm fine here. by the way.
-if you wanna go.
-So it's settled then.
Ah. you know. I'll see you
-at the casino.
-So I've
nothing to do. but spend
the rest of my
night in the casino.
-[dogs growl]
-Maybe I'll have
better luck there.
[whispering]
I'll be expecting you.
-[sighs. then speaks Italian]
-[dogs growl]
-I-- I'm sorry about that.
-That's okay.
Honestly. though. I don't wanna
keep you from... whatever.
Oh-- No. no.
[nervous chuckle]
Marie. is there any way you
could please tell Grace
to look after that gentleman?
[Marie] Uh. yes. sir.
[Josh] Anything he needs.
[Marie] Certainly.
I have a surprise for you.
shall we?
-Okay. [chuckles softly]
-[keys jingle]
-What kind of surprise?
-[Josh] Uh...
You'll see. You'll see.
Hope you. uh-- you like
clothes... dresses.
Now. where was I?
[music fades]
[car engine humming]
[gentle. dramatic music]
[music continues]
-[ominous music]
-[lighter clicks]
[deep whooshing]
[lighter clicks]
[doors slide]
[music fades]
[dramatic music]
[soft rattling]
[cocking gun]
[music fades]
Your friend. Zelda?
She's beautiful.
Yeah. I-- I suppose she is.
[gentle music]
[machine beeps]
Known her long?
A little bit.
You know. we-- we--
we met during the
semester in Florence
and she's been...
...stalking me
around the world ever since.
Please. after you.
[door clicks open]
[whispering] Yeah. stalking.
My gift.
p-- please help yourself.
-Whatever-- whatever you like.
-[light chuckle]
-It's...
-[stuttering] Uh-- What? No.
Uh--
That's very generous of you.
But you've already done
far too much. And...
...I'll be leaving soon. anyway.
I'm fine like this.
You can hide me
till then if you need to.
W-- Wa--
That's not a bad idea.
[chuckling] What?
[chuckles and stutters]
I'm serious.
I need you to come with me.
[Aisling] Back there?
I-- I know it sounds creepy.
but you gotta trust
me on this one.
Please. It'll be fun. I promise.
Come on.
We'll have fun. Okay?
I have a feeling
you'll like this.
[music continues]
-[keys rattle]
-[door opens]
-[door slams]
-Welcome to the VIP tour.
[music turns dramatic]
[switches click]
[door creaks]
[gentle music]
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Wait.
Before we go any further.
you gotta promise me you're
not gonna tell anyone
about this.
Why?
You'll understand
when you see it.
but first...
...I need your word.
Okay.
You have my word.
[match flicks]
You ready?
Oh. I'm ready.
Andiamo.
[music continues]
-[whispering] Careful.
-[light chuckle]
[whispering] Where are we?
Well. if this is a VIP tour. I'd
hate to think what the regular
-one's like.
-Just... be patient. Will you?
-[light chuckle]
-I promise you.
you won't regret it.
[door clicks open]
[music continues]
[whispering]
Stop. Don't touch anything.
Why are we whispering?
[whispering] Because the ghosts
are sleeping.
[laughs]
There she is.
[organ keys playing softly]
[music continues]
That-- That didn't
actually do anything.
-did it?
-No. but that was cool. right?
[light chuckle]
[whispering]
Seriously. where are we going?
-[soft chuckle]
-[soft rattling]
[whispering] You'll see.
[door rattles]
[music continues]
[music swells]
[music turns ominous]
[gentle piano music]
♪ Wise men say ♪
♪ Only fools rush in ♪
-♪ But I can't help ♪
-Chips. big guy.
-♪ Falling in love ♪
-Thank you. thank you.
-♪ With you ♪
-I like you.
[both chuckle]
Oh. there now.
-Pick a number.
-Eight.
-Hard eight.
-[man] Point is eight.
Place eight.
-You ever. uh. been to Paris?
-[people cheer in distance]
-Once or twice.
-Yeah?
-Would you like to go again?
-I'd love to.
I know a shortcut.
[chuckling]
What brings you to the Chateau?
Ugh...
Let's say I--
I wished on a star.
-Did you wish for me?
-♪ River flows ♪
Once or twice.
[man] Eight a winner!
-♪ Darling. so it goes ♪
-[people cheering and clapping]
♪ Some things are meant to be ♪
-♪ Take my hand ♪
-[Aisling] These are incredible.
[music fades]
So no one else
knows about these Catacombs?
No one who's lived
to tell about it.
I wouldn't do that if I were
you.
No. no. no. no. The-- A-- All--
All the walls. they're
all booby-trapped.
If you were to touch
the wrong stalactite.
there would be a--
a secret door to open.
You would fall into
a deadly pit of snakes.
[chuckles]
And then I'd be chased by
flesh eating zombies.
I thought you said you'd
never been here before.
Maybe I have some
secrets of my own.
Huh.
[lively jazz music]
[woman] My girlfriend and I
came here to work
after high school.
I loved the work so much.
I never left.
Joshua's family has always been
very good to me.
I've been thinking
about retiring. but...
I haven't been able to leave.
[Raphael]
Well. I'm glad that you didn't.
Did you know Joshua
has to sell the Chateau?
Yes. I had heard.
I guess
everybody knows by now.
Joshua is very lucky
to have such a caring person
working for him.
In a lot of ways.
Joshua's just like his father.
Whoever wins his heart...
...is a lucky woman.
Your mother Alice chose just
the right name for you. Grace.
For you have grace
in abundance.
Did you know my mother?
-Have we met before?
-[soft chuckle]
Let's just say I've. uh.
been checking you out.
You're a headhunter.
[laughs]
What a lovely idea!
Yes. I suppose in a way. I am.
I must confess.
But don't worry. I am not going
to take you away from here
just yet.
When the time is right.
there's a place for you.
What did you have in mind?
Well. right now
I was thinking that this
aged body had not danced
for many years.
Would you care to?
I'd be delighted.
[music continues]
Maybe Martin had better luck.
Oh. poor old Martin.
He could not find
the light of day
if the sun was shining on him.
[people cheering]
Yes! Up top. up top. up top.
Oh... Yeah!
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Before we go further.
I need you to close your eyes.
-[light chuckle]
-[music fades]
Do I have a choice?
Nope.
-[deep breath]
-Hand please.
-[smooches]
-[chuckles]
Okay.
[gentle music]
Okay. just two more steps. okay?
-Okay.
-One...
...and... [gasping]
[chuckles]
-I'm sorry.
-You little shit.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry. I had to do it.
Okay.
-Are you ready?
-Yes.
You sure?
Come on.
And...
...open your eyes.
[music turns epic]
Let's go.
[music continues]
I will take this.
Be my guest.
[soft chuckle]
Oh.
Okay.
[fireflies buzzing]
They were
the most beautiful things
I'd ever seen
when I was growing up.
They always came in the summer.
[Josh]
Lighting up the midnight sky.
Just... something I--
I read somewhere.
[Aisling] I would sneak out
at night just to watch them.
[tinkling]
Sometimes I catch them
and put them in a jar
and poke holes in the lid...
Bring it to my room thinking
I could keep them
there all summer.
And in the morning
they'd be gone.
They only live for one night.
Only one brief moment in time.
[music continues]
So I know nothing about you
except for your tendency
for being chased in the middle
of the night by strangers
-for no apparent reason.
-[light chuckle]
I know your name. Aisling.
What does it mean?
It means vision
or dream. in Gaelic.
-You're Irish?
-Born there and proud of it.
Oh. God help us all.
[laughs]
-[water splashes]
-[chuckles]
So. do you have a big family?
No. it's just me
and my grandparents.
We have a farm.
I look after the horses...
manage the staff.
payroll. inventory.
I basically run the
entire section of land.
So you're the CEO.
the CFO and Managing Director?
-Boss lady.
-[light chuckle]
Bam. We can use
someone like you here.
You'd still be best hotel in the
world if I was running things.
[Josh] Oh-ho-ho!
What do you do for fun?
I love to read.
As long as I have a good book.
I can forget about the world
around me.
Is the world that bad?
It was.
Once.
What's your favorite book?
Pinocchio.
[Josh chuckles] My mom
used to read that to me.
That and the Fables by Calvino.
I've never heard of him.
Oh. yeah. Italo Calvino.
He wrote
The Baron in the Trees.
The story of the noble man's son
who rebelled against his father
and decided to live
the rest of his life
in the treetops above the
ground. renouncing his identity.
Are you the noble man's son?
[Josh inhales] Eh...
Maybe.
Or maybe...
...I'm Don Quixote.
[music turns bright]
[inhales sharply]
[exhales] I gotta keep rowing.
[light chuckle]
[music continues]
[Aisling] Where did
all this stuff come from?
Oh. remember my ancestor.
the Italian baron?
This was all his.
Is it real?
Yep.
[chuckles] No wonder you wanna
keep this place a secret.
This must be priceless.
I should--
shouldn't be touching stuff.
should I?
That's why I brought you here.
Check it out. It's totally fine.
-You sure?
-Yes.
Well. I'm gonna go crazy.
[chuckles]
You know. I haven't
been here since I was a kid.
-Are you kidding?
-Mm-mm.
I'd be down here every day
just chilling on
my chaise lounge.
-[Josh] Look at you.
-[chuckles] Oh. my God.
What are these. like...
17th century?
Some of them. Yeah.
[sighs]
[in posh voice] Darling.
You see... I should have
been an actress.
[Josh] Maybe it's not too late.
Maybe.
Wow. this one's amazing.
[sighs]
You know...
...everyone always said
purple's my color.
-[soft chuckle]
-Try it on.
I'm-- I'm serious. Try it on.
Why not?
Okay.
I'll try it on if you
try on the armor.
-[sighs]
-[chuckles]
Okay. deal. Sure.
-Deal?
-Deal.
[Aisling] Okay.
No peaking. okay?
I wouldn't dream of it.
[sighs]
[music continues]
[helmet clatters]
[soft chuckle]
[sword swipes]
[imitates whooshing]
[light chuckle]
What do you think?
Too much. huh? [soft chuckle]
You should be in full armor.
-Definitely too much.
-No. wait. wait. wait. wait.
[helmet clatters]
[music swells]
I'll go change.
[music continues]
[necklace jingles]
"They came forth
to contemplate the stars."
[speaking Italian]
[lively instrumental music]
♪ When marimba rhythms
Start to play ♪
♪ Dance with me ♪
♪ Make me sway ♪
♪ Like a lazy ocean
Hugs the shore ♪
♪ Hold me close. sway me more ♪
♪ Like a flower bending
In the breeze ♪
♪ Bend with me ♪
♪ Sway with ease ♪
♪ When we dance. you have
A way with me ♪
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Sway with me ♪
♪ All the dancers may
Be on the floor ♪
♪ Dear. but my eyes will
See only you ♪
♪ Only you have
The magic technique ♪
♪ When we sway. I go weak ♪
♪ I can hear
The sounds of violins ♪
♪ Long before it begins ♪
♪ Make me thrill as only you
Know how ♪
♪ Sway me smooth. sway me now ♪
[lively music continues]
[singer trills and exclaims]
[singer continues]
[singer vocalizes]
[singer continues vocalizing]
♪ I can hear
The sounds of violins ♪
♪ Long before ♪
♪ It begins ♪
♪ Make me thrill as only you
Know how ♪
♪ Sway me smooth ♪
-[lively music concludes]
-[laughing]
-And there they are.
-Oh. she's lovely.
Aisling. you look splendid.
-Thank you.
-Aisling. meet Grace.
Grace. meet Aisling.
Hi Grace. Nice to meet you.
-You look beautiful.
-[suspenseful music]
Not the nose. the chin!
[struggling]
-Joshua!
-[screaming]
[silverware clanging]
-[gun fires]
-[people screaming]
-[gun cocks]
-You done yet?
[panting]
[whispers] Courage.
[music continues]
-Don't you dare--
-Look over here.
-my friend.
-[Aisling] No!
[grunting]
[Aishling gasping]
Okay. everybody be cool.
Don't do anything stupid.
Nobody move!
And no one will get hurt.
[music turns dramatic]
-Wait!
-What?
I will come with you.
[breathing shakily]
[Aisling yelling]
[guns firing]
Aisling!
- Dios mío.
-[Josh] Aisling!
Fifty frickin' grand.
Hi. Yum. yum. yum. yum.
[struggling]
[gun fires]
[Pete] Martin. Come on. buddy.
[guns firing]
-[Pete] We gotta go!
-[man] Forget it man.
we gotta bail. come on!
[gun fires]
[Josh] Aisling!
Right. Right.
Second door on the left.
Don't trip over. ah. he's up.
Ah...
Martin.
I have a rendezvous with death
at some disputed barricade.
All men make moral choices.
That will be your last.
[music continues]
[lively jazzy music]
[Aisling struggling]
Get off me!
Shh. shh. shh.
[dramatic music continues]
[elevator dings]
He will shoot everyone in there
if you make a sound.
Do you understand me?
[music continues]
-[guns firing]
-[elevator dings]
[man] Out of the way!
-Help!
-Get off! Get off!
Go! Get out!
[Aisling] Somebody help me!
Please!
[punches thud]
-Joshua!
-Aisling!
-[elevator dings]
-No!
-[clicking]
-It's not working.
We have to take the stairs.
You can take the stairs.
I'll wait for the elevator.
-[Josh] You sure?
-I think so.
-Just in case they doubled back.
-Alright.
Lobby and parry to the left.
[music continues]
-[elevator chimes]
-It's gonna be okay.
[elevator dings]
[music turns ominous]
[Josh] Get out of the way. Hey.
-Joshua!
-Hey!
Go. get out of here.
Hey-- Out of--
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Calm down. okay?
Back up.
Just please.
[panting]
Please.
[gun fires]
-[all screaming]
-[chandelier crashes]
[people screaming]
-You okay? You sure?
-Mm.
Okay.
[music continues]
Are you serious. kid?
[blade clanks]
Oh. yeah. I am.
-[swords clanging]
-[dramatic music]
[body thuds]
[Josh] Agh.
[blades swipe and clang]
-[punch thuds]
-[blade clanging]
[blade clanging]
-[Josh] Ah!
-[blades clang]
[punch thuds]
[both grunting]
[blades clanging]
You had enough. kid?
I'm barely getting started.
-[heads thud]
-[both grunt]
[grunting]
[music continues]
[both grunting]
[sword clanging]
Sorry.
[grunts]
[blades clanging]
[music continues]
[Pete grunting]
[sword swooshing]
[both exclaim and yell]
[thud]
[struggling]
[sword clanging]
[grunting]
-[struggling]
-[punches thud]
[grunt]
[thuds]
[both grunting and struggling]
Ah!
[violin screeching]
[yelling]
[music continues]
[sword grazing]
[sword swipes]
[sword clangs]
[panting]
[swoosh]
[music turns bright]
[tinkling]
[swooshing]
[man] Hey old man!
You ain't seen the last of me.
[cop] Shut up.
[music continues]
[boat engine humming]
What?
[platform rattles]
[Freddy]
I gotta talk to you. Captain.
I don't know how George
could have done that.
[door shuts]
I know. Freddy. uh...
Listen. it's been a rough night.
We ready to go?
Yes sir.
Thanks. Fred.
How do you feel?
[chuckles softly]
[music continues]
Happy.
[music turns dramatic]
[train horn blares]
[train chugging]
[man] This is 6-1.
[dispatcher] Go ahead 6-1.
We're stuck at E-240.
We have a new ETA. 0900.
[dispatcher] Copy that. 0900.
[metal clanging]
[suspenseful music]
-[punches thudding]
-[both grunting]
-[thuds]
-[grunting]
[cocks shotgun]
Think about it.
[music continues]
[man] What now. boss?
We're done.
[man] What you mean we're done?
What. that's it?
Yeah. that's it.
Come on. get your stuff.
-We're leaving.
-And the job?
-The stones?
-It's over. We missed it.
Ah. damn.
You screwed us.
What the hell just
happened here. man?
I need that money. man.
And you're supposed
to look out for me.
I'm dead if I don't pay.
And what about that necklace?
It's worthless.
It's nothing.
You know...
...that that's not true.
You know that it's priceless.
I said we're leaving.
Get in the van!
[object clanks]
-[thud]
-[grunt]
[music continues]
[cocks shotgun]
Nick!
You count yourself lucky. boss.
Sorry. Pete.
[doors slam]
[music continues]
[reporter] A-- astronomers and
astrologers are calling this
the perfect celestial storm.
Now. when the eclipse happens.
all of the planets will be
perfectly aligned.
Now this is
an extremely rare event.
It's only happened literally
a dozen times
in recorded history.
now we will never see
anything like this.
[Bud slurping]
Hot-cha-cha-cha-cha.
Say. did you hear a rumbling
last night?
Yeah. Bud. That was you.
Nuh-uh woman.
I thought it was you.
No. Bud.
I take pills to stop the gas.
-You don't.
-Yeah. I don't take them pills.
-They give me more gas.
-[Teresa] In your mind they do.
Aisling. breakfast is ready.
Aisling!
Why don't you go shake her out?
[sighs] Sure Bud. I don't have
anything else to do.
-What? Did I say something?
-[sighs]
No Bud. You're fine.
You just enjoy your breakfast.
I'll go milk the cows
while I'm at it.
Aisling!
A sad day when a man can't fart
in his own house.
[door knocking]
Aisling?
Hmm.
-Did you get her up?
-No. she wasn't there.
Probably
got an early start.
-Did you see her?
-Uh-uh.
-I haven't been out yet.
-Uh...
No wonder she's so tired.
She never gets any sleep.
[engine humming outside]
What time did you say
Joe was coming by?
I didn't. but he's never here
before lunch.
-Bud.
-[Bud] Yep?
[Teresa] There she is.
Now. who are those fellas?
I don't know.
I've never seen them before.
Where'd she get that dress?
Put that thing down before
you shoot someone.
[Bud] I will shoot someone
if I have to.
Just be careful.
I am always careful. woman.
[gun clicks]
[Aisling] Good morning. Grandpa.
-[Josh] Good morning.
-[Aisling] Oh. God.
-Don't you move.
-Wouldn't think of it. sir.
It's harmless.
He fills the shells
with potato bits.
It'll make a hell of a mess
-this close.
-I'm sure it does. sir.
Good morning. ma'am.
-Good morning.
-And who the hell are you?
Aisling. where have you been?
Yeah. where have you been?
[Aisling chuckles]
It's a long story.
Nana. grandpa.
This is Joshua and Raphael.
Okay. [sighs]
If you'll let them in.
we'll explain everything.
Bud. put that thing down
before you--
I will in good time. woman.
I-- I said let them in.
I s--
Thank you.
[mouths] Thank you.
[footsteps shuffling]
So. what are you waiting for.
a J Bird to sing?
Actually. yes.
-[bird squawking]
-Ah!
There he goes.
[chuckles]
Raucous to some ears...
...but music to heaven.
And I believe...
the sound you heard
the very first time
that you laid eyes upon
your beautiful bride here.
[soft exhale]
[wind chimes ringing]
How wonderful.
[Bud] What the hell?
Let me get this straight.
You go out to see
the meteorite fall...
...and you met this fella...
...who put some kind of voodoo
in your necklace...
...and then you're run off by
some hooligans.
and then this guy shows up
and he saves your life.
And then you bring
everybody over
for breakfast
to tell us this story.
[Josh] Sir. that's exactly
how I felt.
But now I'm not so sure.
Well. I say there's been some
shenanigans going on.
Either that or you've been up
in my corn whiskey.
[Aisling] There's nothing
going on. And I haven't been
in your corn whiskey.
-It makes me hallucinate.
-I know. That's what I meant.
-What?
-[Aisling] Grandma.
you've gotta believe me.
-Well. I do.
-What?
Mm-hmm.
She goes to bed a normal girl...
...and then she comes back the
next day. dressed like I don't
know what. with two strange men.
Woman... [grunts softly]
I may be old.
but I ain't no fool.
Bud. now might be a very good
time to break out some
of your corn whiskey
[Aisling] For breakfast?
Eh. just to settle the nerves.
[Aisling]
My nerves are settled.
[Raphael] Not yours. His.
[dog whimpers and pants]
Alright.
That's a good idea.
You may be old enough
to appreciate it.
[Raphael clears throat]
[liquid pouring]
Thank you.
[Bud] There you go.
[bottle clinks and closes]
[thuds]
[sipping]
[Joshua chokes slightly]
Right?
Sir. that is not only inspired.
-it is inspiring.
-[chuckles]
Hm.
Puts me in mind of a breakfast
I had once of whiskey
and biscuit with
Ernest Hemingway.
You knew Ernest Hemingway?
Oh. yes. Used to do a bit of
fishing together.
He was a good fellow
till he lost his way.
To Ernest.
[cups clink]
[Raphael] Ah...
Now...
...Mrs. Stewart.
and may I call you Teresa?
You most certainly may.
Bud. Teresa...
Aisling here
loves you two very much.
Yes she does. She's got a
family that loves her very much.
A family that has values.
[Raphael] I couldn't agree
with you more. Bud.
The truth is that
Aisling has grown up
to be the wonderful young woman
that she is
because...
you both instilled in her
your values.
Well done.
But now.
I think it is time for Aisling
to pursue her own dreams.
What-- What exactly do you know
about her dreams?
Bud. I-- I think
Raphael is right.
It's time for Aisling to start
living her own life.
-I'm in love with Aisling.
-[Teresa chuckles]
[soft chuckling]
-You what?
-[chuckling] I wasn't
expecting that.
I don't know if I hit my head
or something.
Well. maybe I oughta hit you
upside the head again. boy.
And knock some sense into you.
Sometimes when
you know. you just--
you just know.
I love you.
[soft chuckle]
[gentle. dramatic music]
Did you know about this?
Oh. Bud. how could I possibly
know about this?
Sweetheart. Do you love him?
I do. yes.
[chuckles]
[smooches]
[Bud] Okay.
Uh. you're not married yet.
[Aisling chuckling]
[vehicle approaching]
[breaks squeal]
[music continues]
[door knocking]
This is turning into
an interesting day.
How long have you two
known each other?
Uh... Honestly?
Uh... few hours.
Well. that's plenty long enough.
[both chuckle]
It's been a night of fireflies.
I've lived a whole lifetime
in one night.
But it's not over yet.
-[Aisling] They're here.
-[Teresa] Who?
These guys just don't give up.
do they?
[Teresa] It's the police.
Why are they here?
They're not police.
-[phone dialing]
-What?
[dispatcher]
911. What's your emergency?
Uh. yeah.
We need help right away.
We have two men trying to break
-into our house.
-Oh. my God.
Howdy.
How'd you doosey doodle do?
-[Nick] Morning. sir.
-Morning.
What brings you boys out here?
Well sir. we had. uh. reports
that a meteor had landed
in the area last night.
Some folks are saying they
saw it land in your field.
-A meteor.
-[Nick] Mm-hmm.
Yes sir. We're investigating
-that incident.
-I must have slept
-right through it.
-Oh.
-Slept right through it. Huh?
-[Bud] Mm-hmm.
-Oh. You missed all the fun.
-Yeah. you
missed some excitement
apparently.
I guess.
I need you to stop this now.
Please.
I don't want my
grandparents hurt.
I don't want anyone hurt.
-[Josh] Yes there are.
-I could never forgive myself.
I'm begging you. Stop this.
The only way
we can stop this is for you
to change your wish.
and you really want to do that?
Do you have
any guns in the house?
I-- In here. But they're old.
[drawer creaks]
What choice do I have?
Ooh.
Maybe help will come in time.
And what if it doesn't?
"More things are wrought
by prayer than this world
dreams of.
Therefore. let thy voice rise
like a fountain for me.
Night and day.
For what are men
better than sheep or goats.
But nourish a blind thought
within the idle brain.
If knowing God.
they lift not hands of prayer.
Both for themselves
and those
that call them friend."
That's Tennyson.
Does that help?
No.
Hmm. Pity.
So where are your boys from?
We're. uh. from Comanche.
-Comanche County?
-[Martin] Yes. sir.
It's 250 miles away.
[chuckles]
Yeah. Tell me about it.
My back's killing
just from the ride.
In that truck.
Mm-hmm.
[guns clicking]
Is there anyone else
in the house
that might have seen.
heard something last night?
No. Just me.
What about your granddaughter.
sir?
How do you know
I have a granddaughter?
-[panting]
-[music continues]
[gun rattles]
Let's see a picture ID.
We're state troopers. sir.
That's not what
your uniform says.
Sir. you put that gun down.
Say. you boys had breakfast?
-Sir.
-No.
How's about some home fries?
-[gun fires]
-[thud]
-[door slams]
-Everybody down. Stay down.
-[gun fires]
-[yelling]
[dog whines]
[music fades]
[Martin] That's your
warning shot. grandpa.
-Let's be reasonable here.
-[dramatic music]
Bud. get away from that window
for God's sake.
I'm going to protect
my family. woman.
[gunshot]
[guns firing]
[gun clicks]
[music continues]
Hey. tweaker!
We're all out of potatoes.
but I got a lotta lead.
Old man's fricking nuts.
Yeah. tell me about it.
Shot your ass pretty good.
I know that.
You know how I know that?
Because it hurts like hell.
[Martin] You hear me. old timer?
Yeah. I can hear you.
but I ain't listening.
Where's my ammunition?
In the cabinet. below.
To the right. To the right.
[music continues]
[items clattering]
Let's talk this out.
mangy old goat.
[rattling]
[head bangs]
Hey. old man...
...you know
what we want. Just...
...hand it over.
We'll be on our way.
[breathing heavy]
[pendant jingles]
[music continues]
Over my dead body.
Let's do this.
[breathing shakily]
Shit.
[items rustling]
[music continues]
[guns clattering]
[cocking guns]
-[guns firing]
-[glass shattering]
[screaming]
[guns continue firing]
[dramatic music]
[breathing heavily]
[metal creaking]
[fly buzzing]
[operator] I'm sorry. the
number you have reached
is not--
Aisling. Teresa!
Yeah. we're all right. Bud.
are you?
[Bud] I'm good.
Everyone?
Safe and sound.
Thank you so much. sir.
[music continues]
[whispering] I'm sorry.
Well. I'm not.
Them's single action.
What?
[tongue clicking]
[gun clicking]
[whispers] Okay.
Say. how much you make?
-[Josh] What?
-You in debt to anybody?
No. sir.
A woman?
Does my dog have a soul?
Of course it does.
Good answer.
[items clatter]
[guns firing]
[bullets ricocheting]
[music continues]
Hey. that timber's so dry. man.
[imitates explosion]
Go have a look.
[music fades]
[door slides]
[suspenseful music]
[inaudible]
[music continues]
-[inaudible]
-[music continues]
[inaudible]
-[gun fires]
-[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[gun thuds]
[engine revs and roars]
[panting and grunting]
[music continues]
[inaudible]
[truck rumbling]
[music continues]
[helicopters chopping]
[sirens wailing]
-[helicopters chopping]
-[sirens wailing]
[music continues]
[inaudible gunshot]
[inaudible]
[music continues]
[watch tings and whirs]
[sobbing]
Aisling. uh...
I'm so sorry.
[sobs]
Grampy and Nana?
[Josh] They're safe.
It wasn't supposed
to end this way.
[music continues]
I love you. Joshua.
I love you.
[music fades lightly]
[sighs]
Why did that feel
like a goodbye?
[music swelling gradually]
[thunder rumbles]
[music continues]
-[high-pitched chime]
-[clock ticking]
[thunder rumbling]
[music continues]
[whooshing]
-[clock ticking]
-[high-pitched chime]
[music continues]
[clock thuds. echoes]
[thunder rumbling]
[music fades]
[Aisling weeps]
[dramatic music]
If he had not killed me...
...he would've killed you.
But you knew.
in bringing me back.
that you had
sacrificed your wish...
...and that is truly brave.
I thank you.
[music continues]
-[breeze blowing]
-[music fades]
[stuttering] I was driving by.
and I and I saw the fire.
the house. I--
I just wanted to...
...stop by and make sure
that you guys were safe.
But...
...looks like you guys
have it under control.
-[breeze blowing]
-[mumbles]
-[inhales sharply]
-[dramatic music]
"Though lovers be lost...
...love shall not."
[music continues]
Don Quixote.
Let's get out of here.
Yeah. I guess we can stay
with my brother
Charlie for a while.
I guess.
[music continues]
I have to go.
[Raphael] Really?
I've never really been
any good at goodbyes.
[Raphael]
That's because you still believe
that goodbye means forever.
[laughing]
[music continues]
[whispering]
I will always be with you.
Always.
Aisling.
I believe
there's a storm coming.
[sighs]
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
Are you sure?
[music continues]
[breeze blowing]
[winds howling]
I'll never forget you.
[sizzling]
-[wood creaking]
-[music turns bright]
[thuds]
Oh. Bud.
You all right?
Here we go.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[music continues]
[gasping]
[whispering] Oh. my...
[laughs]
[chuckles]
[music continues]
[paper rustles]
[music swelling]
Do you still wanna get married?
[laughs excitedly]
[inaudible]
[music continues]
[Raphael] From the darkness
comes the light
and all things are possible...
...if you believe.
[music continues]
[music fades]
-[alarm blares]
-[gate door opens]
[door shuts]
Ah.
[indistinct chatter
at a distance]
[sighs]
[engine humming]
[birds chirp]
[paper rustles]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm